chore(styles): Added missing stencil components to the list of initially hidden ones (#4544)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/eighty-bees-invent.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': patch
---

> Added missing stencil components to the list of initially hidden ones to prevent flickering on load: `post-avatar`, `post-banner`, `post-breadcrumb`, `post-breadcrumb-item`, `post-closebutton`, `post-collapsible-trigger`, `post-footer`, `post-header`, `post-language-option`, `post-language-switch`, `post-mainnavigation`, `post-megadropdown`, `post-megadropdown-trigger`, `post-menu`, `post-menu-item`, `post-menu-trigger`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Made the following components hidden until fully loaded to prevent flickering: `post-avatar`, `post-banner`, `post-breadcrumb`, `post-breadcrumb-item`, `post-closebutton`, `post-collapsible-trigger`, `post-footer`, `post-header`, `post-language-option`, `post-language-switch`, `post-mainnavigation`, `post-megadropdown`, `post-megadropdown-trigger`, `post-menu`, `post-menu-item`, and `post-menu-trigger`.
```
